Identify the flaws in each, and describe what you would do to correct them.

1: One flaw in the Sith Lord study is that they are not isolating the slogans from the individuals who are presenting it. 
Having only one person present each one is not doing a fair job at separating the slogan variable from the individuals 
presentation technique variable. An additional problem with the study is that their sample is not made up of randomly selected 
droids but only the group of 50 captured droids. This limits the reliability and replicatability of the study's results. I
would fix this study by having multiple presenters give the slogan to the droids. I would also try to have the presenters 
practice giving the slogan in similar style. Another part of the study that I would fix is with collecting or contacting droids
randomly throughout the galaxy. This would hopefully control for the different models and backgrouds of the droids.

2: A major flaw with the Jedi study is that they are basing their pulic relations decisions on only two individuals, Jar Jar 
Binks and Mace Windu. These people have very different backgrounds, personalities, abilities, and interests. With such stark
differences, this study has overlooked many contextual and observer variables that could be affecting how people respond to 
these two individuals. Also, who are the people that Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu are interacting with? Are they random or 
specific demographics that they are separately drawn to? This is another important sampling bias that could easily change the 
results and response rates from their public relations interactions. Another problem is what are Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu 
discussing with the people of these planets? Does Jar Jar just use his tongue to entertain people while Windu educates and
shows people the threat of Sith Lords and the benefits of the Jedi. What and how they discuess with people will greatly impact 
the response to it. I would try and fix this study by first sending multiple representatives from the Jedi with slightly 
differing but overlapping backgrounds. I would also have Jedi agreed upon discussion topics that each individual is required to
stick to when conversing with a planet's population. Lastly, I would have the representative be moved around randomly to 
different locations and demographics on each planet to try and control for the variables at work in the sample populations. 

3: A problem with the job satisfaction study is that there are too many contextual variables that aren't being controlled for
when comparing the 'same' job in five different countries. The work environement, culture, and structure could be drastically
different. Additionally, what are the questions asked of the workers in this survey? Are all of these questions applicable to 
the company employees in each country and to both HR and IT job positions? Maybe more of the questions applied to HR than to
IT or vice versa? What time of year were these questions asked of the employees? Was the survey after a major company change or
deadline? Also, what was the percentage of survey respondants for each job position? Was the survey sent to all employees or 
a random selection? To fix this study I would first try to compare the job requirements and roles of the HR and IT positions 
in each country. Maybe two of the countries' IT jobs require one task while the other three do not. This would impact the 
findings and could possibly be adjusted for. I would like to randomly send out a survey that is broadly applicable to both job
requirements and separate cultures so that it could control for the unknown sampling and demographic variables. 

4: One issue with the Happy Days Fitness Tracker study is that its 'opt-it' data sample could be biased towards people who are
more active to begin with. If they are not collecting data on the non-opt-in population how do they know that their results 
are applicable to all their users? How long has the app been available? Has enough time passed to confidently conclude that 
these findings are genuine trends rather than a short term fluctuation? 
