For one of those experiments, write up the essential points of an RFC for an improved version of that experiment.

The Sith Lords are concerned that their recruiting slogan, "Give In to Your Anger," isn't very effective. Darth Vader develops 
an alternative slogan, "Together We Can Rule the Galaxy." They compare the slogans on two groups of 50 captured droids each. 
In one group, Emperor Palpatine delivers the "Anger" slogan. In the other, Dark Vader presents the "Together" slogan. 20 droids
convert to the Dark Side after hearing Palpatine's slogan, while only 5 droids convert after hearing Vader's. The Sith's data 
scientist concludes that "Anger" is a more effective slogan and should continue to be used.

The Problem: How to recruit more droids into the Sith Lord army? Low recruitment is a problem for the Sith Lords' military 
strategy. When the army numbers get low, they Sith Lords are limited in what options are available while taking over the 
galaxy. When testing two slogans on two groups of 50 captured droids, the Emperor Palpatine delivery of "Give In to Your 
Anger," slogan lead to 20 droids converting to the Dark Side while Dark Vader's presention of "Together We Can Rule the 
Galaxy," only converted 5 droids.

The Potential Solution: A motivational 'Together' slogan will improve droin recruitment by 10%. 

The Method of testing the solution: Randomly collect 100 droids throughout the galaxy every month for the next six months. The 
variable of interest is droid conversion to the Dark Side using the 'Anger' or 'Together' slogans. Currently Emperor Palpatine 
recruited 40% of his sample's droids using the 'Anger' slogan. If I am limited to using Palpatine and Vader as presenters of 
the slogans than I will have sample A be a 3 month period where both Palpatine and Vader use the 'Anger' recruitment on 50 
droids and the B version when they both use the 'Together' technique on a sample of 50 droids each. 

The Sith Lord data scientist will compute the t-value by subtracting the 3 month means of Dark side conversion for both the 
'Anger' and 'Together' samples from each other and then dividing this by the square root of the sum of both groups' standard 
diviations squared plus their sample sizes. With this t-value, I will also be also to see if the p-value is low enough to 
reject the null hypothesis. If the t-value is large and the p-value is less than 0.05 than I can confidently conclude that the
'Together' slogan is more effective in droid recruitment. If the change in conversion is less than one standard deviation with
'Together', than observe the study for another 2 months. If the recruitment does not increase in the next two months then 
discontinue the 'Together' slogan. 
