State whether a survey would be the best option for answering each of the following questions.

1. Popularity of various Uber drivers. 
  - Yes, a survey would be a good option because you can't randomize the drivers between users.
2. A grocery store wants to know how much people like strawberry, chocolate, and vanilla ice cream. 
  - Yes, a survey could be a good option on finding out how customers rank these flavors. But if the grocery store want to 
    track or predict sales for ice cream, I think that monitoring the sales rate for each of these flavors might be a better
    option for determining how much people like these flavors. 
3. Trojan wants to know whether their condoms are more popular among straight people or gay people. 
  - Yes, a survey is an option for assessing the rates of sexual orientation of their product since these is a personal topic.
    Additionally, another option is to sell this product at both straight and gay events and compare the rate of purchasing. 
4. Recently, rental rates for HappyCars have increased by 30%, which is quite unusual. You want to find out why this is 
   happening and how to keep the increase going. 
  - Yes, an open random survey to gather data on the users is a very good option to assess the demographics and feelings of
    users. 
6. Assessing the success rate of a new advertising campaign. 
  - No, I don't think that a survey would be a very good option to assessing the success rate of an advertising campaign. The
    main reason being that advertising campaigns typically take a while to produce results and a survey would have a hard time
    capturing the change or impact of the campaign. 
7. Measuring the effect of nurse/patient ratio on patient recovery rates in hospital wards.
  - No, I don't think that a survey of patients or nurses could do any justice towards measuring the complex effect of a 
    nurse/patient ratio on patient recovery rates. Is the survey able to accurately measure the acuity of patients or the 
    turnover rate of staff members? A survey could be able to isolate the impact of the nurse/patient ratio on the rates of 
    patient recovery from the other variables at work in a hospital. 
